README.md, before:

# networks
Debug Test and Restart Over Again.
Every Liitle Thing You Do Is Your Own Leverage In Future. 

## Three-Way Handshakes in TCP communication. 
The Detail of Three-Way Handshakes on Connection-Estiblishing in Transport-Control-Protocol

![OverReview](./src/OverView.png)
![Standard 3WayShakes not only app but also kernel codes](./src/STANDARD-THREEWAY-HANDSHAKES.png)
![AcceptQueue is Full](./src/-THREEWAY-HANDSHAKES.png) to be continue.
![SYN-Queue is Full](./src/-THREEWAY-HANDSHAKES.png) to be continue.


## Easy FTP-Server Decision for R&D. 
Be very careful that the default value of the max-connections of SimpleHttpServer is 5 on Linux. That's why you'd better setup an Apache-Server instead of SimpleHttpServer as an FTP-Server in LAN, because the default max_conns of Apache-Server is 100 on Linux.

```
ss -lnt | grep -i your_simple_http_server_port  // default max_conn(Send-Q) is 5 on Linux
ss -lnt | grep -i your_apache_http_server_port  // default max_conn(Send-Q) is 100 on Linux
```



PS:
```
//  SYN-Queue Size:  最大半链接数 
backlog = min(1024, 1024) = 1024
nr_table_entries = 1024
nr_table_entries = min(1024, 128) = 128
nr_table_entries = max(128, 8) = 128
nr_table_entries = roundup_pow_of_two(8+1) = <128+1> = 256   最小的2的N次方是 256
max_qlen_log = max(3, log2(256)) = max(3, 8) = 8
max_queue_length = 2^8 = 256
SYN-Queue MaxSize = 256

/**
起初错误的理解：
（半链接队列总长度256 - 当前半链接队列长度x） < 64.  X就是临界值， 
256 - X < 64,  X=192
正确的理解：
 /proc/sys/net/ipv4/tcp_max_syn_backlog 值为 128
(128-X) < 128/4
128-X < 32    X就是临界值, X=96.
*/

```

Commit message:

Trace TCP-3way-Handshakes from sourcecodes(Part-1)

README.md, after:

# Networks
Debug Test and Restart Over Again.
Every Liitle Thing You Do Is Your Own Leverage In Future. 

## Three-Way Handshakes in TCP communication. 
The Detail of Three-Way Handshakes on Connection-Estiblishing in Transport-Control-Protocol

![OverReview](./src/OverView.png)
![Standard 3WayShakes not only app but also kernel codes](./src/STANDARD-THREEWAY-HANDSHAKES.png)
![AcceptQueue is Full](./src/-THREEWAY-HANDSHAKES.png) to be continue.
![SYN-Queue is Full](./src/-THREEWAY-HANDSHAKES.png) to be continue.


## Easy FTP-Server Decision for R&D. 
Be very careful that the default value of the max-connections of SimpleHttpServer is 5 on Linux. That's why you'd better setup an Apache-Server instead of SimpleHttpServer as an FTP-Server in LAN, because the default max_conns of Apache-Server is 100 on Linux.

```
ss -lnt | grep -i your_simple_http_server_port  // default max_conn(Send-Q) is 5 on Linux
ss -lnt | grep -i your_apache_http_server_port  // default max_conn(Send-Q) is 100 on Linux
```



PS:
```
//  SYN-Queue Size:  最大半链接数 
backlog = min(1024, 1024) = 1024
nr_table_entries = 1024
nr_table_entries = min(1024, 128) = 128
nr_table_entries = max(128, 8) = 128
nr_table_entries = roundup_pow_of_two(8+1) = <128+1> = 256   最小的2的N次方是 256
max_qlen_log = max(3, log2(256)) = max(3, 8) = 8
max_queue_length = 2^8 = 256
SYN-Queue MaxSize = 256

/**
起初错误的理解：
（半链接队列总长度256 - 当前半链接队列长度x） < 64.  X就是临界值， 
256 - X < 64,  X=192
正确的理解：
 /proc/sys/net/ipv4/tcp_max_syn_backlog 值为 128
(128-X) < 128/4
128-X < 32    X就是临界值, X=96.
*/

```


## Validation Get Started.
I'm testing on the SimpleHttpServer of Python3 on Fedora37 Xfce4-Desktop(Kernel-6.3.8), so I'll compare with [the source codes of Linux-Kernel v6.3 on github](https://github.dev/torvalds/linux/tree/v6.3).

### 1. Standard Three-Way-Handshakes.

+ `ss -lnt` && `ss -nt`
![TCP_Core_Status on source codes](./src/tests/kernel-sourcecodes.png)

+ Condition of AcceptQueue_Is_Full.
![TCP_Accept_Queue_Is_Full](./src/tests/condition_of_accept_queue_is_full.png)

+ Launch a SimpleHttpServer from local host port based on 9999, and run concurrent requests via Jmeter.
1. Prepare for the testing environment.
![Prepare for the test environment](./src/tests/environment_ready.png)
2. Prepare for the Jmeter for concurrent invoking APIs.
![Prepare for the Jmeter for concurrent requests](./src/tests/jmeter_ready.png)
3. Monitor the logs.
![Result](./src/tests/overflow_result_1.png)
4. Reset configuration in kernel. 
![Connection_Reset_config_in_kernel](./src/tests/Reset_condition.png)
